apple at 10p
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of kiwi at 10p each
banana at 10p
20 sales of banana at 10p each
cherry at 10p
20 sales of oranges at 10p each
orange at 10p
20 sales of mango at 10p each
pineapple at 10p
5 sales of litchie at 5p each
strawberry at 5p
2 sales of grapes at 15p each
grapes at 15p
Watermelon at 20p
25 sales of peach at 20p each
apple at 10p
Add 2p mango
Add 3p kiwi
Subtract 5p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of kiwi at 10p each
banana at 10p
20 sales of banana at 10p each
cherry at 10p
20 sales of oranges at 10p each
orange at 10p
20 sales of mango at 10p each
pineapple at 10p
5 sales of litchie at 5p each
apple at 10p
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Multiply 20p litchie
apple at 10p
20 sales of kiwi at 10p each
banana at 10p
Add 5p mango
Subtract 5p banana
12 sales of grapes
20 sales of banana at 10p each
cherry at 10p
20 sales of oranges at 10p each
orange at 10p
20 sales of mango at 10p each
pineapple at 10p
5 sales of litchie at 5p each
apple at 10p
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of kiwi at 10p each
banana at 10p
20 sales of banana at 10p each
cherry at 10p
20 sales of oranges at 10p each
orange at 10p
20 sales of mango at 10p each
pineapple at 10p
5 sales of litchie at 5p each
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of kiwi at 10p each
banana at 10p
20 sales of banana at 10p each
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of kiwi at 10p each
banana at 10p
20 sales of banana at 10p each
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of kiwi at 10p each
banana at 10p
20 sales of banana at 10p each